welcome back everyone today we are going
to take a look at 2009 horror thriller
film called the loved ones the movie
starts with a boy named brit michelle
who is driving a car his father dan is
with him and they are both talking when
suddenly a shirtless blood-soaked boy
appears in front of their car swerving
to save the boy brent's car crashes into
a tree six months later brent is shown
taking drugs from his friend jamie in
high school while jaime and brent are
talking a girl named mia valentine shows
up jaime asks her to prom and she says
yes then a girl named lola asks brent to
prom but brent apologizes to her and
tells her that he is going with his
friend holly in the next scene we are
introduced to holly who tells brent that
she has got her driver's license she
then takes him on a ride he tells her
that someone asks him to go to the dance
holly insists on telling her the name of
the girl but he tells her that he cannot
tell her because the girl is sensitive
later when holly drops him home brent
finally tells her about lola stone the
girl who asked him to prom
when he is at home brent's mother carla
comes to his room and asks him who will
be taking him to prom party brent tells
her that holly will pick him up but his
mother tells him that she doesn't have a
license he tells her that holly just got
her license that day but his mother
insists on taking a cab when he tells
her that a cab is also technically a car
carla tells him that the cab drivers are
experienced brent agrees with her saying
that he wasn't experienced which is why
that accident occurred and his dad died
depressed brent takes his dog and goes
outside he punishes himself by hurting
his hand with a razor blade he goes to a
nearby cliff to commit suicide but then
he changes his mind and sits there
listening to music bryn's mother calls
him but when he's about to pick it up a
man from behind knocks him unconscious
then the man takes him away in a truck
brent's mother searches for him and
reaches the nearby cliff when she gets
back home she finds holly who came to
pick brent up carla asks her if she has
seen brent but holly is also unaware of
his location
in the evening holly takes brent's
injured dog to the hospital but it dies
on the way carla calls paul who is her
neighbor and also a policeman and she
tells him that brent is missing he tells
her that brynn has done the same thing
before but he always comes back
paul gets worried when carla tells him
that someone has stabbed their dog
then we see in the truck which brent was
taken after his objection the driver
picks up an animal's corpse from the
road on its way it is revealed that lola
and her father eric have kidnapped brent
later when lola is in her room her
father brings a pink dress and sandals
for her she puts on the dress in front
of her father who stares at her figure
the next scene opens with brent finding
himself on a dinner table in a black
suit his hands and feet are tied to a
chair
lola and her father are seated in front
of him along with a lady named bright
eyes bright eyes has a strange mark on
her forehead brent tries to free himself
but he is tied up extremely tight so he
then succeeds at loosening the rope but
waits for the right time to break out
lola and her father has decorated their
house like a prom party she then injects
brent's voice box with bleach and as a
result he can't scream lola's father
takes their picture and also takes a
photo of them with bright eyes
while dining lola notices that bright
eyes is not eating so she forcefully
puts food in her mouth and misbehaves
with her then she forces brent to eat
the chicken but he doesn't open his
mouth she asks him to lick her finger
brent unwillingly licks her finger
intimidated by lola's father who's
seated in front of him with a hammer in
his hand when bryn tells her that he
wants to go to the toilet lola empties
the glass of milk and asks him to pee in
it she notices that brent has lied to
her and he doesn't really have to urge
to go she asks her father to bring the
hammer he brings the hammer and tells
brent that he has killed his dog with it
then lola threatens brent telling him to
pee within 10 seconds or her father will
hammer nails into his private part brent
somehow forces himself to pee while lola
tries to humiliate him he kicks her and
escapes from the house eric goes after
him and turns on the truck's headlights
to find him brent hides under his truck
but as soon as eric reverses his truck
he finds him and drives after him brent
runs and climbs up a tree and eric hits
his car to the tree and tries to search
for him meanwhile lola shows up with a
torch she sees brent on the tree and her
father throws stones at him
then lola hands over the torch to eric
and starts throwing stones at bryn he
eventually collapses and falls down
the sadistic father and daughter take
brent inside to the house and tie him up
to the chair again eric pins his feet to
the floor with knives to ensure that he
never escapes brent screams but it
cannot be heard because of the bleach
lola had injected him with
meanwhile we see paul the policeman who
is looking for bren he arrives at the
high cliff and only finds brent's cell
phone and a cigarette carla is waiting
for brent at home and she tells holly
that brent thinks she blames him for his
dad's death in the accident
then paul arrives at carla's house and
shows him brent's belongings that he
found at the cliff
then lola shows brent a scrapbook it's
revealed that lola has been doing this
with boys since their childhood the
scrapbook contained pictures of her and
her past victims they had been doing
this together for a very long time her
idiotic father kidnaps boys and brings
them to her she enjoys herself with the
boys and later on disposes of them in
the next scene she points in her
scrapbook and shows brent a picture of a
boy named timmy valentine who had
escaped from their captivity brent looks
at his picture and realizes that he is
the same boy who struck his car as a
result of which they had the accident
and his father passed away
he turns out to be a brother of mia
valentine the prom date of brent's best
friend jamie
the victim of a scrapbook this year is
brent lola then carves a heart with a
fork on his body writing l and s which
stands for lola stone after carving a
heart on his body lola and eric sprinkle
salt on his wounds
eric then announces the name of the
queen of the dance and lola stone is
selected among the other girls she gets
overjoyed and surprised as though she
had been selected among the other girls
in real life
eric and lola blow the whistles and she
forces brent who has been selected as
king to also blow a whistle
then lola is crowned as the queen of the
year eric takes lola and brent's photos
and sprinkles sparkles all over them
while they both dance but lola is not
happy with brent because she thinks that
he is not the one whom she wants to
marry he is yet another boy with whom
she will enjoy and then kill
she asks her father to dance with her
instead
brent tries to take his razor blade out
of his chain from his pocket but he
drops it on the seat of the chair behind
him while dancing with her father lola
realizes that her father is a real
prince she admits her ancestrous
feelings for him when they both are
about to kiss brit interrupts them as he
sits on the chair to hide his chain
paul meets holly and tells her that the
search and rescue team will arrive in
the morning
later eric cuts the animal he picked up
from the road he opens a trapdoor under
the mat and pours water to the basement
cellar a lot of strange voices are heard
from there during this time brent keeps
on cutting the rope on his hands with
the help of the razor blade
then eric takes a drill machine from his
tool case and gives it to lola she
drills a hole in brent's forehead just
like the one on bright eyes forehead her
father then brings a kettle of hot water
she tells brent that the hot water will
boil his brain and he will turn into the
ones down in the basement cellar when
she goes ahead to pour the hot water
into the hole on his forehead she finds
the hole too small so she asks her
father if we could make it bigger when
eric expands the hole and brent attacks
him with the razor blade he had been
using to untie the rope then he takes
out the knives plunged into his feet and
stabs eric in the neck
lola attacks him but brent fights her
off he returns to eric and throws him in
the basement where he sees many people
start eating him
lola hits brent from the back and throws
him into the basement cellar as well she
screams for her father who is being
eaten up by the starving abductees below
then she sets the basement door the
basement turns dark brent sees all the
captives with a torch and kills them
right after that he looks around in the
basement cellar and finds a heap of
bones then lola goes to bright eyes room
and kills her by smothering her with a
pillow
meanwhile holly recalls brent's words
that lola stone had invited him to prom
she calls paul and he leaves right away
heading towards her house when he
reaches there he peeps through the
window of her house and notices a lot of
blood on the floor he smashes the fridge
door with his gun and enters the home
when brent feels that someone is
approaching he throws his torch upwards
at the basement door when paul hears the
noise he opens the trapdoor and finds
brent there meanwhile lola shows up and
kills him by stabbing him in the head
making paul fall into the basement brent
picks up paul's gun and shoots at lola
but she escapes
lola wears bryn's chain and tells him
that she is going to stab his mother in
the neck just like he did to her father
and she will stab holly in the heart
just like he did to lola
she then takes a knife on her scrapbook
and walks out barefoot because she
doesn't know how to drive a car
on her way she sees holly who was going
to lola's house holly stops her car when
lola throws her scrapbook at her
windscreen she gets inside the car and
tries to assault holly but she manages
to run away
brent thinks of an idea and uses the
pile of dead bodies as a support to get
out of the basement after getting out he
goes after lola and paul's car at high
speed
holly appears right in front of his car
but he somehow turns the car to save her
lola who was after holly instead gets
hit at the back side of the car
holly gets inside the car and is
frightened to see bryn's terrible
condition after a while they spot lola
stone who is crawling towards them
despite being hit badly brent then
reverses his car at high speed to crush
lola to death when brent and holly
return home carla hugs both of them and
with that the movie ends here
thanks for watching guys